EDU-9593/Update README.md (#169)
vtex-apps/store-sitemap: docs/README.md

# Store Sitemap

The Store Sitemap app allows you to generate a `sitemap.xml` file for your store website. After deploying and installing the app in your account, you can create a sitemap to improve your store's visibility in search engines such as Google. 

To learn how to generate a sitemap, follow the instructions below.

## Before you begin

> This app is available to stores using `vtex.edition-store@3.x` or a later version of the [Edition App](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app).
> 
> To check which Edition App is installed on your account, run `vtex edition get`. If it's an older Edition, please [open a ticket](https://help-tickets.vtex.com/smartlink/sso/login/zendesk) with VTEX Support asking for the installation of the `vtex.edition-store@5.x` Edition App or a newer version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This app is available to stores using `vtex.edition-store@3.x` or a later version of the [Edition App](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app).
   To check which Edition App is installed on your account, run `vtex edition get`. If it's an older Edition, please [open a ticket](https://help-tickets.vtex.com/smartlink/sso/login/zendesk) with VTEX Support asking for the installation of the `vtex.edition-store@5.x` Edition App or a newer version.
```

> Before generating your store's sitemap, you might want to adjust whether products, navigation, apps, or custom routes will be included. If that's the case, check the [Advanced Configuration section](#advanced-configuration) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adjust which products, navigation, and custom routes will be included in the sitemap. Check the [Advanced Configuration section](#advanced-configuration) for more information.
```

3. Run `vtex install vtex.store-sitemap@2.x` to install the Sitemap app.

   > ℹ️ If you're using `vtex.edition-store@5.x`, skip step 3, as the `vtex.store-sitemap@2.x` app is installed by default in this version. Check out our [Edition App documentation](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app) to know more about its different versions.

4. Run `vtex install vtex.admin-graphql-ide@3.x` to install the GraphQL admin IDE.
   
5. In your browser, access the Admin and go to **Store Setting > Storefront > GraphQL IDE**.

   ![graphql-ide](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f28d91d-662d-485c-a071-aabc3a65cb71)

6. From the dropdown list, choose the `vtex.routes-bootstrap@0.x` app.

> 7. If this is **not the first time** you're generating your store's sitemap or if your store's routes **didn't suffer any changes** since the last time you generated your store's sitemap, go to step 8. Otherwise, run the following query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If this is not the first time you're generating your store's sitemap or if your store's routes didn't suffer any changes since the last time you generated your store's sitemap, go to step 8. Otherwise, run the following query:
```

   }
   ```

>    >ℹ️ If you have  a store [cross-border](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-cross-border-stores) store, the `saveIndex` mutation also accepts the `binding` ID as an argument, which meanst that by specifying the `binding` ID, you can add your new index to the sitemap of the desired binding. If the `binding` ID is not specified, the mutation will consider the  default binding of the store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >ℹ️ If you have  a [cross-border](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-cross-border-stores) store, the `saveIndex` mutation also accepts the `binding` ID as an argument, which means that by specifying the `binding` ID, you can add your new index to the sitemap of the desired binding. If the `binding` ID is not specified, the mutation will consider the  default binding of the store.
```
